it's common people to see things that
aren't real have you ever seen things
like this before I had an imaginary
friend when I was a kid his name was
Daniel he was my best friend he was my
only friend it's kind of a strange
notion but maybe you should try to
connect with that part of yourself again
[Music]
[Applause]
last time I saw you you were this kid
bursting with imagination I bet you can
get a phone number many girl up in this
party you're an artist too book I do
photography
sometimes I'm here because you're here
I'm part of you
what's that thing behind me your shadow
saw something full of danger mystery
he's taking over to me do things that I
don't want to do imagine I could make
you go right Daniel is simply an aspect
of your mind
what I could do
when you painted me you saw a shadow
what did he look like
[Music]
twenty years and else left pot best
lookout their mother or dad a time your
parole will be satisfied in a few months
and then you can start to start over
life isn't going the way I thought
[Music]
struggle with myself so much even know
what I do is my selfie
I am I can't understand you're gonna
have to speak up there's no emergency
and I've lived in California almost 25
years would you wanna stay at the ocean
with me you do know you can't take home
abandoned children right I could a
doctor we know about your record you're
still a parolee in the good state of
California do you have a bus to Wyoming
round-trip or one-way
[Music]
swing
sorry it took me so long to get here
[Music]
being a street dog isn't so bad at all
he's a tram I'm free to be whoever I
want to be walk wherever I want to walk
Hey hi are you two twins I'm our husband
pal aha
eat whatever I want to keep he's a champ
you know what just remember I got this
the old-fashioned way I stole it
[Music]
snob hell there we go I got my collar
let me just take a little guess here
you're the center of your peoples
universe right you could say that your
family's just about perfect
don't don't please well lady that's
basically all over now
you're about to be replaced replace me I
don't think so lady this is Lulu
when the baby moves in the dog moves out
[Music]
help me get this thing awesome
I'm sorry this is not awkward at all
this way it's totally safe I'm not gonna
do that
keep it crazy you don't know that happen
[Music]
what is this place
there's a great big world out there
with no fence around it
[Music]
every day could be an adventure
you
[Music]
in 1969 a dog was launched into space
but an accident transformed him into a
superhero I just realized I haven't
eaten for fifty years now lost in a
future where everyone hates animals he
needs to find a super sidekick yeah I'm
Way bigger than I look like hero Glenn
built these serves turbo gasps OH
God's mission is to protect the animals
of Glenview
when officer Peck finds a dangerous on a
high genic stray animal they're never
seen again I just really need to see my
owner again what do you use your powers
to help me huh
sorry can you summarize that get ready
for the perfect family adventure
you're not just a dye buddy your startup
[Music]
with the greatest superheroes ever
unleashed operation fist bang with the
voices of Luke Evans Nick Frost Gemma
Arterton and Bill Nye
now what was that about playing catch
someone wants to play catch
[Music]
star dog and turbo cats coming soon
[Applause]
[Music]
stem-cell manipulation it's not a new
science but it is the key to life we are
a research facility one of the leaders
in regenerative medicine and we need
human subjects for our work it's a
mutually beneficial arrangement then
your body's been through a lot
you may feel weakened actually great
there are one or two side effects of the
procedure that I should mention tell me
more about these meat cravings see what
just the meat it's
[Music]
it's not uncommon for patients to report
changes in taste post-surgery it's a
side effect of the anaesthesia how's
your appetite hungry all the time
so you're vacationing in Zambia huh
mm-hmm let me guess you're from LA New
York yes I take it mr. Conrad won't be
joining us
two days ago he told me that our
marriage was over Oh two hours ago I
landed here on what was supposed to be
our second honeymoon
yeah by myself a lot of people come here
to get lost so they can be found again
thank you Yoda oh you're coming on this
too yep
Tara Collinsworth in case you want to
write my name down on a complaint form
oh yeah the pilot we're flying over the
largest game reserve in Africa hang on
I'm gonna make a stop stay in the plane
hook come back
[Music]
poachers kill the mama fur tusks we
don't do something to help that baby we
built in two days I want to help didn't
see that one coming house first well I
took a little detour it's gonna be okay
it'll be touch and go for a while but we
will do our best
I'm in this place surrounded by wild
animals hey New York oh sorry
um we are coming home right this year
it's gonna be Christmas in Africa what
is Christmas in Africa well I can't
speak for the whole continent but here
at the Elephant Orphanage they celebrate
all week and there is no shopping
involved I'm really starting to worry
I've got to go back home and I don't
know what I'm supposed to do with myself
maybe you're doing it here this is how
its thoughts who needs an elephant and
so begins the relationship of a lifetime
take good care of my elephant elephant
he and I we're just friends
mm-hmm since you didn't get to go in
your fancy five-star Safari let me take
you on one with a little stress like
three think it more like two I haven't
seen you hit someone in in a long time
if I've learned anything it's to not get
too attached
I never meant to stay this long you're
falling in love huh
with Africa you know what that is what
this hotel that is definitely not a
South African mistletoe
[Music]
you